Resolves #2828 (#2964)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2019-ps/failoverclusters/Add-ClusterScaleOutFileServerRole.md

> This example creates a highly available Scale-out file server role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a highly available scale-out file server role.
```

> This example creates a highly available scale out file server role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a highly available scale-out file server role.
```

The cmdlet completes without waiting for all resources to come online.

### Example 3
```powershell
Add-ClusterScaleOutFileServerRole -Cluster MyCluster -Infrastructure -Name InfraSOFSName
```

> This example create Scale-Out File Server role - Infrastructure File Server. It will create a single namespace share automatically for the CSV drive (i.e. `\\InfraSOFSName\Volume1`, etc.).  In hyper-converged configurations, an Infrastructure SOFS allows an SMB client (Hyper-V host) to communicate with guaranteed Continuous Availability (CA) to the Infrastructure SOFS SMB server. There can be at most only one infrastructure SOFS cluster role on a Failover Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates an infrastructure scale-out file server role. It automatically creates a single namespace share for the CSV drive (such as `\\InfraSOFSName\Volume1`).  In hyper-converged configurations, an infrastructure scale-out file server allows an SMB client (Hyper-V host) to communicate with guaranteed continuous availability with the infrastructure scale-out SMB file server. There can be at most only one infrastructure scale-out file server cluster role on a failover cluster.
```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Infrastructure

> Specifies whether to create Infrastructure File Server Scale-Out File Server role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether to create an infrastructure scale-out file server role.
```
